c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\ProfessorSite.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\ProfessorSite.pdb
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\obj\Debug\ProfessorSite.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\obj\Debug\ProfessorSite.pdb
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\ModelEntityFrm.dll
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\ModelEntityFrm.pdb
c:\users\theodora\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\obj\Debug\ProfessorSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Theodora\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Theodora\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Theodora\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Theodora\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProfessorSite\ProfessorSite\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
